---
title: Just start it, just write!
image: https://unsplash.com/photos/ZrqrP9Xs2vI/download?ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MXxzZWFyY2h8MTV8fHdyaXRlfGVufDB8MHx8fDE3MDI1MzM5Mzl8Mg&force=true&w=1920
description: Let's make this happen this time. Let's make it real. we need this.
publishedAt: 2023-12-14
---

Almost every time I wanted to do something, or learn something that wasn't easy
and required a little effort, I gave up! Sometimes I would do a little of it,
then lose motivation and abandon it. Other times, out of fear of losing
motivation, I wouldn't even start that task at all.

And I continued this lifestyle until I realized that usually **doing is better
than not doing!** Our mood is usually better when we have learned something or
accomplished something, not when we choose not to learn that thing or not to do
that task.

However, all of these are just empty positive words. It's like someone is
reminding us of things we already know, but with a more enthusiastic tone. But
from the beginning, the problem wasn't that we didn't know these things or that
we needed external motivation; the problem is that we know learning or doing
things makes us feel better, yet we still don't take any action.

It's possible that the reason we don't do something isn't because we can't do
it. Perhaps we think we're not good enough at it, or we feel like we'll fail, or
even worse, both! But is it really wise to let these feelings prevent us from
doing what we want? Personally, I don't think so!

## There is no best; be yourself

We live in a world where nothing is flawless. No matter how much time you spend
scrutinizing this world, every atom, from nature to all the creations of
humanity, carries imperfections, even if these imperfections are initially
concealed and go unnoticed.

It's a universal law in the world we inhabit; it doesn't matter where we come
from, what path we've taken to get here, or how much effort we've exertedâ€”we
will always have imperfections.

Honestly, whether one has imperfections or not is not that crucial. All the
works created by humans have imperfections, yet does this fact make Van Gogh's
'Starry Night' any less magnificent than before?

In my view, this incomplete painting by Van Gogh is much superior to supposedly
flawless works, possibly because they may never have reached completion.

## Just Dive In

If you don't do it, you won't understand. Even if you ask others about the taste
of a delicious dish a thousand times, you won't feel its flavor. But tasting
that dish once is enough for you to never forget its taste throughout your life.

## Be Ready for Setbacks

Remember, every time you undertake something, there's a possibility of facing
failure, and this should not worry you because failure doesn't always mean a
worsening of the situation.

Failure in the real world is not synonymous with falling; rather, it can be the
fuel for our future flights. We can view failure as an experience, an experience
from which it's often easier to learn than from success.

---

Never let regret linger in your heart. If something can be done, do it; and if
doing it isn't right, have a reason for it. Be sure that, like a lingering echo,
it won't stay in the corner of your mind forever.
